---
layout: post
status: publish
published: true
title: Black Fox
author:
  display_name: Jon Clausen
  login: JClausen
  email: jon_clausen@mac.com
  url: http://betweensilences.com
author_login: JClausen
author_email: jon_clausen@mac.com
author_url: http://betweensilences.com
wordpress_id: 54
wordpress_url: http://betweensilences.com/2008/01/29/black-fox/
date: '2008-01-29 12:45:46 -0500'
date_gmt: '2008-01-29 17:45:46 -0500'
categories:
- Poetry
tags:
- Poetry
- poems
- origins
- camping
- black fox
comments: []
---
<p><em>Note: The subject of this poem is place in the Black Hills of South Dakota I used to camp every year as a child.   <a href="http://www.hikercentral.com/campgrounds/117916.html">Black Fox Campground.</a></em></p>
<p>My father is packing;<br />
it’s part of his ritual.<br />
A way, perhaps, of mentally washing<br />
the rigors of life’s prisons away.<br />
Prisons on high hills, made pink from Dells quartz<br />
hold purses, not dreams nor ambitions.</p>
<p>Near is the time for Black Fox once more.<br />
Time for crystal streams which go by<br />
the name Rapid.<br />
Time for fireflies to stage their ballet<br />
in coolness of the impending dusk<br />
as a doe bows her head in hunger, in prayer.<br />
Time for trout of one year,<br />
to pause, frozen beneath their hidden waterfall.<br />
They are strangers here too.<br />
Borrowing time, far from the tank of their birth.<br />
We trespass together, invaders and protectors alike.</p>
<p>He lifts an old tent, one of faded green canvas.<br />
Which long ago gave way to nylon expansion.<br />
It still rides along,  a friend of many years,<br />
filled once with memories, even marriages<br />
it has long since grown out of:<br />
Peeking out in pajamas, frozen dew fresh<br />
from the cold before dawn.<br />
It’s scent speaks of moments ago;<br />
coffee forged on a fire,<br />
cakes assembled on iron,<br />
packing still wet as time stood expired.</p>
<p>I think that this year I may climb a small mountain<br />
and sleep alone without sleeping a wink.<br />
I’ll listen for bears, wolves, things which may frighten.<br />
Prone at the summit, with ears to the valley<br />
as my creek sings it’s lullaby to adolescence, adventure.</p>
